---
layout: post
title: 2016
---

Deep down, we all have passions and desires and a drive to be the best at what we do.  

>It is our light not our darkness that most frightens us
>
>Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.
>
>Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
>
>It is our light not our darkness that most frightens us.
>
>We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented and fabulous?
>
>Actually, who are you not to be?
>
>You are a child of God.
>
>Your playing small does not serve the world.
>
>There's nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other
>
>people won't feel insecure around you.
>
>We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us.
>
>It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone.
>
> And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
>
> As we are liberated from our own fear,
>
>Our presence automatically liberates others.
>
>-Marianne Williamson



I don’t ever want to hit my goals. Arriving at the peak of my dreams in my lifetime meant that I've dreamt too small. Thankfully God’s a bigger dreamer. I’m setting these goals for 2016 to push myself and have something to look back on and celebrate.

God’s a creator who made us in His image. So therefore, we’re called to create!

One of my favorite parables in the Bible is the Parable of the Talents. I love that God’s given us all a measure of “talent.” His question to us is: “what will you do with what you’ve been given?”

In life, we’re doing one of 3 things:  
1) Learning  
2) Creating  
3) Resting  

Here are my goals for 2016:

Learning  
- [ ] Read 52 books [3/52]  
- [ ] Read through the Bible [1/66]  
- [ ] Learn from a coding book [0/13]  
- [ ] Take a machine learning course  
- [ ] Learn Guitar in 150 hours [0/150]  

Creating  
- [ ] Blog 2x/month [1/24]  
- [ ] Complete and publish 3 apps [1/3] iOS/Chrome/Web  
- [ ] Finish my personal website  
- [ ] Write 3 songs  
- [ ] Start an open-source project  

Resting  
- [ ] Take weekly Sabbaths [2/52]  
- [ ] Connect w/ an old friend every week [2/52]  
- [ ] Go on adventures to a new place every other week [26]  
- [ ] Visit 20 different coffee shops [0/20]  
- [ ] Workout 3x/week [0/156]  

Everyone is creative. Everyone has a voice. You carry experiences and insights that the world needs.
People will miss out if you don't share. My challenge to you is to find ways to create.

> All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. - J. R. R. Tolkien

What will you do with 2016?
