---
layout: post
title: Hitting Mushrooms
---

Recently, I hit a mushroom.

The evening sky was beaming out the last rays of sunshine as we sat out on a porch. He's also ethnically Taiwanese, but that’s where the similarities ended. Raised in inner London, he had never heard of Harvard before somehow getting into the med school without finishing high school. Working now as an ICU doctor at Mass Gen, he shared story after story of physical healings and salvations happening in life or death situations. He prays day in and day out, seeing God break through language barriers and bringing peace and salvation. Wow.

My heart swelled, cozily satisfied.
Then he cranked it up a notch or three, flipping the tables and speaking into my life. Calling out the promises of God for me and reminding me of the assurance of God's faithfulness, he threw a flaming log on my heart.

As the conversation continued, we started talking about the journey of life. About what it means to walk by faith. To live knowing that God has the best in mind for us. Banning Liebscher says in his book, Rooted: "God is not interested in your comfort, He’s interested in your growth.” In times of weakness, in times of strength, God wants to grow us.
David said in his famous declaration: "Your word is a lamp for my feet, a light on my path.” God doesn’t show us our whole life, but He does promise to be with us and illuminate the next step.

I’m leaving my job with Cru as a campus minister which I’m good at and where I’m loved and appreciated into somewhere I don’t feel good or prepared enough for. My friend’s also at a crossroads between Mass Gen and seminary. Is leaving behind something we’re successful at ok? In the eyes of most people, practicing medicine and seminary sound like too very different things. Campus ministry and programming are opposites. But to a heart that’s obedient to God, they’re the same.

Jesus was a carpenter for 30 years before he entered 3 years of ministry.
In those 3 years, He changed the world.

In our current modern world, we often feel like we have to 1) change the world and 2) do it while young.
Success is neither of the above. We don’t have to change the world, nor be accomplished when we’re still young to be successful.
We’re called, you and I to love, to press in and listen, to be fully present. For each person, it means something different. For some, it might mean letting go, for others it might mean holding tight. What are we doing with the relationship that we have? What is the most loving thing we can do for them?

I’m hilariously bad at Mario Kart. I rely on Bullet Bill more than my skill to not come in last.
Pro tip: mushrooms don’t help when you can’t steer.
But that conversation this last week was like hitting a mushroom in the middle of a runway.
In that moment, I was flying. Exhilarated. Unstoppable.

Run into mushrooms.  
Be a mushroom.

The night ended in prayer. In earnest praise and surrender.

I’m inspired: To program, to write, to make music, to be the best person I can be.
But most importantly, to love.